[gate squeaks]
Service.
[knocks on table]
We do not open for two more hours.
You come back later.
Police.
Inspector Campbell, Sir.
Any trouble, Sir?
Look.
I know.
That is, I am given to understand by
several of my officers...
[clears throat]
...several of my officers
that people come here.
That men come here
for a certain purpose.
[theme song playing]
Arthur?
Arthur, wake up.
Get home, get bathed, check your kit,
check your weapons.
Why?
What's going on?
We're doing it today.
Fetch the wagons, Charlie.
It's today.
[moaning]
[boy] Dad? Our Katie's done
a wee in the bed again.
I'll be there
in a minute, mate.
[banging on door]
[John exclaims]
John? I told you
to keep the doors locked.
I could've been anyone.
Now get dressed.
We're doing it today.
As a matter of fact,
he's doing me today.
Make sure he's done you
by nine.
- You should learn to knock!
- It's not a day for knocking.
Dear Lord,
make this day pass well.
Let none get hurt
and make them that do,
not Shelby's.
Watch John
because he has so many
depending on him.
Watch Arthur
because he's likely to hurt
himself as much as anyone else.
And watch Thomas.
I know how he is.
But he does what he does for us.
I think.
Amen.
I used to do that every
morning during the war.
I hoped I'd done it for the last time.
Today will be the last time, Pol.
After today there'll
be no need for prayers.
We'll be set.
Family meeting, half ten.
I'm sorry I kept you.
It is so early.
Yes. I- I--
I didn't sleep last night.
Mr Zhang said you are
special, special customer.
Do you want to sit?
Do you want to take off your boots?
Yes.
And this.
So tight.
We can clean and press
your shirt while we do this.
That's a very efficient service.
You never been to a place
like this before?
It's okay.
Sometimes old men who have
lost their wives they come here.
Most of the time.
Old men? I am so old?
[laughs] No.
I mean I am young.
Anyway...
I'll make you young as well.
Whore.
[Campbell] Dear Grace.
I write this letter to
you with a heavy heart.
I know exactly what you did
and with whom.
I will not mention any of it
in my report.
However, you should be
aware that I know you gave
yourself to the man who is
our sworn enemy.
That is not only treason,
it is disgusting
beyond all measure.
Your father would be
ashamed of you.
And as for myself,
I am beyond desolation.
You have betrayed every
principle and standard
of honor that was
your birthright.
And for what?
[Chin exclaims]
Love.
[Campbell breathing heavily]
Oh my God. I'm sorry.
Did I do that?
It's okay.
You are special, special customer.
Would you sit with me
for a moment?
Please.
[Mr Zhang and Chin
talking in Chinese]
For the suits.
You want to hear something funny?
[gun cocking]
I am unarmed.
It's curious, Inspector.
I thought you came here
to clean up the city.
Not to sleep
with its whores.
You're no different from any other copper
that came before you.
I'm no different from those who would
follow should I choose to leave.
You've no reason to stay.
- You have what you came for.
- Yes, I have what I came for.
I have a meeting
with Mr Winston Churchill at midday.
I've no doubt he intends to congratulate
me on finding those stolen guns.
And you still don't know how
we found them, do you?
Good.
No, you got lucky.
Did I?
Yeah.
One thing I have learnt.
Is that you and I are opposites
but also just the same.
Like an image in a mirror.
We hate people.
And they in turn hate us.
And fear us.
Before the day is over,
your heart will be broken,
just the same as mine.
Men like us, Mr Shelby,
will always be alone.
And what love we get,
we will have to pay for.
You forget, Inspector.
I have my family.
Enjoy your day.
[scoffs]
[baby cooing]
Oh, little one.
You're much better
with him than I am.
He settles quicker with me
because he can't smell the milk.
You look tired.
Let's put him down.
[shushing]
Mine were terrors for the tit.
Both of them.
Well, you never knew
my children, did you?
I was a child myself then.
You never talk about them.
Never had reason to.
My heart breaks even
when I think about them.
But today-
I do have reason to.
Sit down, Ada.
They were three and five years old.
Sally was three.
Michael was five. Well...
Two weeks away from being six.
It was Sunday morning.
While I was at church.
"You're not forgiven"
this pinch-faced bitch said to me.
"You are not forgiven".
You see, some sheets I washed
and hung on the line
had the name of a hotel on them.
They'd been stolen in a robbery.
And they said some porter
at the hotel had been coshed.
And a women from round here told
the police I had the sheets.
Jealous, you see,
of the new sheets.
And when the police came,
they found a spirit still
for making a few drops of Gin.
And for that...
They took my children from me.
And they never told me
where they took them.
And they did it because they could.
Because I was weak.
But they'll never take
your baby away from you.
Do you know why?
Because Tommy
wouldn't let them.
Because Tommy won't let them
walk all over us.
Now it is Tommy that has brought
strength and power to this family.
'Cause he knows...
You have to be as bad as them
above in order want to survive.
I'm telling you this because
I want you to forgive him.
How can I?
When my Freddie is rotting
in jail because of him.
There's something about today
that you need to know.
[keys jingling]
Alright Freddie,
time to go.
I want you to get
a message to Campbell.
I can't let them
move me to Brixton.
- If I get to Brixton they'll kill me.
- Freddie.
You're not going to get
as far as Brixton prison.
On your feet.
I told the Prime Minister
personally that the guns
had been retrieved
and he actually heard me
and listened and I'm pretty sure
he gave me a half smile.
He never usually smiles
unless a political opponent dies.
I plan to put your name forward
in the New Year's Honors list.
- That would be too much, Sir.
- Nonsense. You deserve it.
As I recall, you wrote
to me several times
about an undercover
operative. A woman.
Was she involved in the discovery?
Does she deserve some
kind of commendation?
Yes.
She was instrumental.
A truly loyal servant
of the crown.
And that is what
the record should state.
And what of the men who
actually stole the guns?
The Peaky--
Blinders, Sir.
If we were to make arrests
the whole thing would end up
in open court and I know
we wish to keep
this matter confidential.
So they'll go free?
Not quite, Sir.
You see, I have plans
for the Peaky Blinders.
Alright.
Right. I've got
you all here today
because this is the day that
we replace Billy Kimber.
This is the day
we become respectable.
The day we join the official
National Association
of Race Course Bookmakers.
But first we do the dirty work.
We've all known
this days been coming.
I just haven't told
anybody the date.
We're going to
the Worcester races.
The track opens at one.
We'll get there at two.
Now, Kimber thinks we're going there
to help him to fight the Lee brothers.
But thanks to the efforts
of our John
and his lovely new wife Esme,
the Lees are now our kin.
I interrupted those efforts
this morning and-
but I can assure you all,
John is making great sacrifices
for the cause of peace.
Yeah. All right.
So it'll be us and the Lees
against Kimber's boys.
We take them out
but leave the bookies.
I expect a swift victory which will send
a signal all the way to London,
that we believe in letting legitimate
businesses run peacefully.
And what about Kimber himself?
I'll deal with Kimber.
Any other questions?
Yes.
Does anybody object if I bring
a newcomer to the meeting?
Come on.
I'd like to introduce
the newest member
of the Shelby clan.
Welcome home, Ada.
We named him Karl.
After Karl Marx.
Karl Bloody Marx.
Let me get a look at him.
Here we go.
Hey, look. He looks just like me.
That's his arse that
looks like you, Arthur.
He's alright.
He's a Shelby.
Well. Ada?
Am I forgiven?
If what Aunt Polly says is true, you are.
It's true.
Thank you, Tommy.
[Freddie] So who the hell
are you?
[Michael] Someone who
wants to keep his eyes.
They came to my house.
Told me to volunteer for this.
Who did?
The Peaky Blinders.
Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
Get out of the way.
- What the bloody hell is that?
- Looks like your friends are here.
[shells clattering]
Stay down on the ground.
Or the next one's for you.
Make it look good.
I am sorry about this comrade.
- Holy shit! Danny, you're dead.
- Yeah. I've been living in London.
Same thing. In you get.
[all chattering]
All right, lads, listen up.
You have a pint and a chaser,
no more. On the house.
Right. Let's get pouring.
Do you have
the enclosure tickets
and a register of book
keepers on the track?
In me coat.
You did a good job, Grace.
The next family meeting,
I'll make sure you're there.
If I were family
but I'm not.
That could change.
- Tommy?
- We'll talk about it more
when I get back. Alright?
- When will you be back?
- Now is this how you're going to be?
You waiting at home for me saying,
"What time do you call this?"
The barrel needs changing.
Go on Tommy, go out the back and give
her a good seeing to before we go.
Grace.
Hey, Grace, I was joking.
[John] Tommy, we need more mild.
Just help yourselves.
Tommy, the truth is
when you get back from
the races I won't be here.
What are you talking about?
Alright, look. Grace, I know you weren't
born to be with a man like me.
But I'm turning things around.
When I get back here tonight,
I will have one of the biggest
legal racetrack syndicates
in the country.
And I'm going to close down
some of the other stuff.
Maybe open up a club, hey?
Like in London.
And another thing.
You have a contract of employment.
With a real Limited company,
you remember?
I remember everything, Tommy.
I am going to make
a success of this.
I am going to make a success of it. I am.
I know. I know.
I'm not talking about marriage.
We know each other.
We can talk.
We are the same.
Tommy, I have done
something terrible to you.
Right, tell him what
you just told me.
Just heard there's two vans
driving up the Stratford Road.
An old corporal of mine
said he recognized some of the men.
He said it's Kimber's boys
and they're heading this way.
Ada, wake up. You and the baby
get into the Bull Ring,
where there's lots
of people.
- What's going on?
- We've been fucking betrayed.
Somebody let slip, Kimber's men
are on their way here.
- But you can handle them Tommy?
- It's just us.
All the Lees are all on their way
to the Worcester.
We're outnumbered. Fuck!
Who else knew today was the day
you were moving on Kimber?
You said you kept it secret.
Who else did you tell?
There's only one thing could blind
a man as smart as you Tommy. Love.
It was that barmaid.
I will deal with Grace.
If you set eyes on her again,
you might kill her.
Going for good?
I heard there's trouble.
Instinct is a funny thing.
See, normally I can tell about
a person. But with you--
Look, the fighting is
about to begin.
- We should get out of here.
- We know who you are.
Tommy knows as well.
Turns out that copper as good
as told him this morning.
But I wanted to hear it
from your lips.
I am an agent of the crown.
I have the power to arrest
and the right to use force.
So please step out of my way.
Like I say, instinct is a funny thing.
You fell for Tommy
for real, didn't you?
This gun is loaded.
I'm not afraid of you.
I feel sorry for you.
Slip of a thing.
You thought you'd come in
here and stitch us all up.
We've had some coppers narks
in here before but you?
You're the Queen
of them all.
So who are you?
A little rich girl, I'd guess?
Unionist?
An Ulster Volunteer?
You thought Fenians,
communists,
low people,
they're all the same.
Scum.
Then you met Tommy.
I'd fight you with my fists
and show you how a rich girl fights.
I'm from a tough family too.
No.
We women have more sense.
Why don't you pour us both a drink?
So am I right?
Did you fall for Tommy?
Yes.
Then I pity you.
I think he'll try to kill me.
He's too soft.
- Soft?
- Soft like you.
You saved his life the night
the coppers came.
That's why we're drinking
and not fighting.
We owe you.
What was he like, before France?
He laughed, a lot.
He wanted to work with horses.
He won medals.
Threw them in the Cut.
Not a single man
came back the same.
You know, after all this is over,
he might forgive you.
He might take you in.
You can never tell with men.
They go for whoever their dicks point at
and there's no changing their minds.
But I should tell you something.
I will never forgive you,.
Or accept you.
Or take you in.
And it's me who runs business
of the heart in this family.
And as far as I'm concerned,
you're a snitch from the Parish.
And if you're not gone
from this city by tomorrow,
I'll kill you myself.
Now go.
Maybe what really upsets you,
is the thought that
one day you might lose him.
Tommy. We've had word
from Nipper at Hay Mills
and he says the police are
letting them through.
And how come all our police
have disappeared?
Because it was the police who
told Kimber about the plan.
- And who told the police?
- You know what John?
For all I think I'm the smartest one,
I'm guessing it was me.
All right, men.
You were mostly in the war so you know
battle plans always change
and get fucked up.
Well here it is.
Things have changed.
We fight them here. Today. Alone.
Now they're gonna come
for the pub.
They're gonna try
and break us up for good.
And we'll have no help
from the law today.
That pub there is
called the Garrison.
Well now it really is one.
And it belongs to us, right?
[all] Right!
- How many are there?
- Jeremiah says two Riley vans.
So I reckon we're outnumbered
three to one.
[Arthur] Fuck.
But it's us boys. It's us.
The Small Heath Rifles.
We never lost a fight yet, did we?
- [all] No!
- Alright. Jeremiah.
I know you vowed to God
you'd never pick up a weapon again.
But can you ask him from me
if you can help us today?
God says he don't deal
with Small Heath, sir.
[Thomas] Good man.
Arthur, Scud-boat.
You'll take the flanks.
- Just like at St. Marie.
- Sure.
Curly, when a Shelby man
dies here today,
you bury us side by side.
All right. We have about ten minutes.
Make your peace with whoever.
We've had reports of a large group of men
in vehicles heading towards the city.
Most of them are known
to the police, sir.
We think a gang fight's
about to break out.
I want all officers and constables
stood down in the following areas.
Bordesley, Small Heath,
Shard End, Greet and Hay Mills.
- Stood down Sir?
- Immediately.
And the vehicles approaching
the city should not be impeded.
- What the hell is going on?
- Let dog eat dog.
Let the beasts devour each other.
And then we shall pick the bones.
She's gone then?
You're not accustomed to not getting
what you want, are you Tommy?
You wanted my pub and you took it.
You got a fair price.
What I got was an ultimatum.
Like you give to everybody.
Do it or else.
And yet it's funny.
Everybody round here...
They want you
to win this battle.
I think what it is,
you're bad men
but you're our bad men.
Will you go looking for her?
She is in the past.
And the past is not my concern.
And the future is no longer
my concern either.
What is your concern Tommy?
The one minute.
The soldier's minute.
In a battle that's all you get.
One minute of everything at once.
And anything before is nothing.
Everything after, nothing.
Nothing in comparison
to that one minute.
[Harry] Didn't you get enough
minutes over there?
[scoffs]
It seems not, doesn't it?
[door opens]
[panting] Tommy, they're here.
Get your weapons out boys,
and load them up.
Take your time.
Hold them up in the air so
as they can see what we've got.
All guns and no balls, right, Billy boy?
So what do we do now?
Just give the order.
The men who have arrived
in Garrison Lane are armed with rifles.
Did you hear me?
Their methods of self-destruction
are not my concern.
We have also had a report
of machine gun fire in Saltleigh.
The ravings of an old soldier
with shell shock.
We only found twenty-four of those
twenty-five Lewis guns.
If they were to get to use the one--
You know when-
when you came here from
Belfast I was overjoyed.
I was sick of this force
and I was sick of all the corruption.
When you made that speech
about cleaning this place up,
I gave a little cheer inside.
You said it was the devil's work
to look the other way.
I am not looking the other way,
Sergeant Moss.
I am looking directly
at the events of the day.
And I like what I see.
It doesn't have to be
like this, Kimber.
Too late for all that.
You bit off more than you can chew,
you little toe rag.
And now we're taking over this shit hole.
Well... If we have to use guns,
let's use proper guns.
Sergeant Thorne
reporting for duty, Sir.
You were saying something
about being out-gunned?
[Ada] Move!
[baby crying]
What are you doing?
I believe you boys
call this 'no-man's land'.
- Ada!
- Shut up and listen.
- Have you lost your mind?
- I said shut up!
Now most of you were in France.
So you all know what happens next.
I've got brothers
and a husband here
but you've all got
somebody waiting for you.
Now, I'm wearing black
in preparation.
I want you to look at me.
I want you all to look at me.
Who'll be wearing black for you?
Think about them.
Think about them right now.
And fight if you want to
but that baby
ain't moving anywhere.
And neither am I.
She's right you know.
Why should all you men die.
It should just be them who caused it.
[screams]
[Freddie] Don't shoot.
You're all right son. You're all right.
Ada, move away.
Don't shoot!
[men shouting]
Hold your guns up.
Enough!
Kimber and me fought
this battle one on one.
It's over.
Go home to your families.
Scudboat, Curly. Pick him up.
[door opens and closes]
I want to ask you one question.
Then I'll leave.
Tommy knows who I am.
What did you say to him?
I told him--
that his heart would be broken
before the day was over.
So it seems
you've broken two hearts, Grace.
As well as my own.
[door closes]
[screams]
[Arthur] Take it Tommy!
Take it! Take it!
Hold him still!
Come on! Come on!
There. I still have the knack.
Have a drink.
All right. Deep breath!
[groans]
That's it! It's done!
Now we can bury him properly.
In the grave we dug for him.
Yeah.
It's high on a hill.
He'd like that.
- To Danny Whizz-Bang.
- Danny.
May we all die twice.
To Danny Whizz-Bang.
Danny Whizz-Bang.
[sighs]
Come on,
the day is ours.
Let's celebrate.
Well?
Who won?
A Mr William Kimber
has been found dead
with a gun shot wound.
So I'm guessing that means
the Peaky Blinders won.
Sir.
Also the Communist agitator
Freddie Thorne
was taken from his transport
by armed men.
Since there were no officers on the street
at the time following your orders,
he managed to escape easily
and is now at large.
The prison officers said
they recognized the men.
They were Peaky Blinders
as well, Sir.
I mean we could go down there
and make a few arrests
but no one will have
seen anything.
And there were no officers
there to witness, Sir.
The Shelbys will get
away with murder.
Just like they always have.
Some things never
change, eh sir?
[door closes]
[people cheering]
[John] A toast...
A toast, a toast!
To Shelby Limited!
[people cheering]
[Curly] He's got sons.
Should we find work for them?
No. Let them be.
Let them find ordinary
work like ordinary men.
Could you put me through
to Mr Churchill please?
Yes, Sir.
Sir,
I've made a decision
about my future.
Everyone's leaving town.
- Tommy, you're hurt.
- I'm fine.
What exactly can I say?
I don't know, Grace.
I could tell you who
I really am.
I think I know who you are.
And you know who I am.
The circumstance is not important.
Circumstance?
Is all it is.
Just uniform.
Yeah.
Some day I will throw
this gun in the canal.
Why not now?
Here it comes, Tommy.
I love you.
And there it goes, Grace.
Away it goes.
We can say it as much as we like--
but there is no chance.
I'll be in London one week.
At this address.
Finish your business here and join me.
I have an idea.
[door opens]
[Arthur] There he is...
Drink?
Not whiskey.
If you check behind the bar,
you will find a bottle
of Champagne.
The one she bought.
Today was a good day.
All of Kimber's men
were busy here,
so the Lee boys took all their pitches
at the Worcester races.
It couldn't have gone better
if we'd planned it.
Shelby Brothers Limited
are now the third
largest legal race track
operation in the country.
[drunkenly] Cheers.
Only the Sabinis and the Solomons
are bigger than us, boys.
And all my family is here to celebrate.
[cork pops]
To Shelby Brother's Limited.
[Arthur] Shelby!
Cheers.
There'll be others.
To the others.
All of them.
Dear Grace.
Without a secretary
I write my own letters
and I write without malice.
I learnt long ago
to hate my enemies.
But I've never loved one before.
The idea of New York
is interesting
but I have worked so hard
for this day.
For this victory.
I have responsibilities here.
For people I need to protect
and people who I love.
Before the war, when I had
an important decision to make,
I used to flip a coin.
Perhaps that is what
I will do again.
Polly tells me
you fell in love for real
and Polly is never wrong
about matters of the heart.
I will give you my decision
within three days.
All my love.
Thomas Shelby.
[gunshot]